README.md, before:

# SS RPG Game

## [Classes](Classes/ClassInfo.md)
![Classes](Images/Classes.png)

##### [Assassin](Classes/Assassin.md):
##### [Barbarian](Classes/Barbarian.md):
##### [Hunter](Classes/Hunter.md):
##### [Necromancer](Classes/Necromancer.md):
##### [Paladin](Classes/Paladin.md):
##### [Priest](Classes/Priest.md):
##### [Rogue](Classes/Rogue.md):
##### [Warrior](Classes/Warrior.md):
---
## [Races](Races/RaceInfo.md)
![Races](Images/Races.png)

##### [Beastmen](Races/Beastmen.md):
##### [Demons](Races/Demons.md):
##### [Dwarves](Races/Dwarves.md):
##### [Elves](Races/Elves.md):
##### [Humans](Races/Humans.md):
##### [Lizardmen](Races/Lizardmen.md):
##### [Orcs](Races/Orcs.md):
##### [Undead](Races/Undead.md):
##### [Werewolf](Races/Werewolf.md):
##### [Wood Elves](Races/WoodElves.md):
---
## [Alliances](Alliances/AllianceInfo.md)
![Alliances](Images/Alliances.png)

##### [Scarlet Treaty (Demons & Humans)](Alliances/Scarlet_Treaty.md):
    Summary:
##### [Grayheart Concord (Dwarves & Elves & Wood Elves)](Alliances/GH_Concord.md):
    Summary:
##### [Hollowdawn (Beastmen & Lizardmen)](Alliances/Hollowdawn.md):
    Summary:
##### [Elite Voltaic (Dwarves)](Alliances/Elite_Voltaic.md):
    Summary:
##### [Alliance of Ash (Demons & Orcs)](Alliances/AoA.md):
    Summary:
##### [Drekar Hivemind (Undead)](Alliances/Drekar.md):
    Summary:
##### [Coldsong (Werewolves & Undead)](Alliances/Coldsong.md):
    Summary:
##### [Vosk Resistance (Orcs & Lizardmen)](Alliances/Vosk.md):
    Summary:
##### [Secret of the Unseen (Wood Elves & Beastmen)](Alliances/Secret_Unseen.md):
    Summary: 
##### [The Hallowed Dynasty (Werewolves & Humans & Elves)](Alliances/Hallowed_Dynasty.md):
    Summary:
---
## [Skills](Skills/SkillsInfo.md)
![Skills](Images/Skills.png)

##### [Alchemy](Skills/Alchemy.md): 
##### [Blacksmithing](Skills/Blacksmithing.md): 
##### [Carpentry](Skills/Carpentry.md): 
##### [Diplomacy](Skills/Diplomacy.md): 
##### [Farming](Skills/Farming.md): 
##### [Fishing](Skills/Fishing.md): 
##### [Hunting](Skills/Hunting.md): 
##### [Mining](Skills/Mining.md): 
##### [Tailoring](Skills/Tailoring.md): 
---
## Game Playstyle
    [Description here]
---
## Perspective
    Either 3rd person w/
---
## Game Style
    Sandbox RPG
---
## World Setting
##### 4 Ages
- The Age of
- The Age of
- The Age of the Crying Sun
    * Sound of war and death undone
    * Though the stretch cannot be outrun
    * The cloth of life can now be spun
    * And bathe in the light of the crying sun
- The Age of

Commit message:

Add Ages folder and links

README.md, after:

# SS RPG Game

## [Classes](Classes/ClassInfo.md)
![Classes](Images/Classes.png)

##### [Assassin](Classes/Assassin.md):
##### [Barbarian](Classes/Barbarian.md):
##### [Hunter](Classes/Hunter.md):
##### [Necromancer](Classes/Necromancer.md):
##### [Paladin](Classes/Paladin.md):
##### [Priest](Classes/Priest.md):
##### [Rogue](Classes/Rogue.md):
##### [Warrior](Classes/Warrior.md):
---
## [Races](Races/RaceInfo.md)
![Races](Images/Races.png)

##### [Beastmen](Races/Beastmen.md):
##### [Demons](Races/Demons.md):
##### [Dwarves](Races/Dwarves.md):
##### [Elves](Races/Elves.md):
##### [Humans](Races/Humans.md):
##### [Lizardmen](Races/Lizardmen.md):
##### [Orcs](Races/Orcs.md):
##### [Undead](Races/Undead.md):
##### [Werewolf](Races/Werewolf.md):
##### [Wood Elves](Races/WoodElves.md):
---
## [Alliances](Alliances/AllianceInfo.md)
![Alliances](Images/Alliances.png)

##### [Scarlet Treaty (Demons & Humans)](Alliances/Scarlet_Treaty.md):
    Summary:
##### [Grayheart Concord (Dwarves & Elves & Wood Elves)](Alliances/GH_Concord.md):
    Summary:
##### [Hollowdawn (Beastmen & Lizardmen)](Alliances/Hollowdawn.md):
    Summary:
##### [Elite Voltaic (Dwarves)](Alliances/Elite_Voltaic.md):
    Summary:
##### [Alliance of Ash (Demons & Orcs)](Alliances/AoA.md):
    Summary:
##### [Drekar Hivemind (Undead)](Alliances/Drekar.md):
    Summary:
##### [Coldsong (Werewolves & Undead)](Alliances/Coldsong.md):
    Summary:
##### [Vosk Resistance (Orcs & Lizardmen)](Alliances/Vosk.md):
    Summary:
##### [Secret of the Unseen (Wood Elves & Beastmen)](Alliances/Secret_Unseen.md):
    Summary: 
##### [The Hallowed Dynasty (Werewolves & Humans & Elves)](Alliances/Hallowed_Dynasty.md):
    Summary:
---
## [Skills](Skills/SkillsInfo.md)
![Skills](Images/Skills.png)

##### [Alchemy](Skills/Alchemy.md): 
##### [Blacksmithing](Skills/Blacksmithing.md): 
##### [Carpentry](Skills/Carpentry.md): 
##### [Diplomacy](Skills/Diplomacy.md): 
##### [Farming](Skills/Farming.md): 
##### [Fishing](Skills/Fishing.md): 
##### [Hunting](Skills/Hunting.md): 
##### [Mining](Skills/Mining.md): 
##### [Tailoring](Skills/Tailoring.md): 
---
## Game Playstyle
    [Description here]
---
## Perspective
    Either 3rd person w/
---
## Game Style
    Sandbox RPG
---
## World Setting
##### 4 Ages
- The Age of the Unsettled Dawn
- The Age of the Sycophant
- The Age of the Crying Sun
    * Sound of war and death undone
    * Though the stretch cannot be outrun
    * The cloth of life can now be spun
    * And bathe in the light of the crying sun
- The Age of Attainment
![Ages](Images/History.png)
